chore(promtail): Use minimal init config in rpm/deb packaging. (#11511)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

#### Promtail

* [10752](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/10752) **gonzalesraul**: structured_metadata: enable structured_metadata convert labels

> * [11511](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11511) **kavirajk**: chore(promtail): Use minimal init config in npm/deb packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [11511](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11511) **kavirajk**: chore(promtail): Use minimal init config in rpm/deb packaging.
```

#### Promtail

* [10752](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/10752) **gonzalesraul**: structured_metadata: enable structured_metadata convert labels

> * [11511](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11511) **kavirajk**: chore(promtail): Use minimal init config in rpm/deb packaging.

Reviewer: Changelog entries should explain to the user which of their issue got fixed or with feature was added, not how something got fixed:

```suggestion
* [11511](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/11511) **kavirajk**: chore(promtail): Improve default configuration that is shipped with rpm/deb packages to avoid possible high CPU utilisation if there are lots of files inside `/var/log`.
```
